docs: update layout docs (#2716)
paradigmxyz/reth: docs/repo/layout.md

#### Downloaders

- [`net/downloaders`](../../crates/net/downloaders): Traits defining block body and header downloaders, as well as P2P implementations of both.

### Consensus

Different consensus mechanisms.

- [`consensus/common`](../../crates/consensus/common): Common consensus functions and traits (e.g. fee calculation)
- [`consensus/auto-seal`](../../crates/consensus/auto-seal): A consensus mechanism that auto-seals blocks for local development (also commonly known as "auto-mine")
- [`consensus/beacon`](../../crates/consensus/beacon): Consensus mechanism that handles messages from a beacon node ("eth2")

### Execution

Crates related to transaction execution.

- [`revm`](../../crates/revm): An implementation of an executor using `revm`
- [`revm/revm-inspectors`](../../crates/revm/revm-inspectors): Various revm inspectors for debugging and building traces for the trace-related RPC APIs.
- [`revm/revm-primitives`](../../crates/revm/revm-primitives): A crate for handling revm-reth type conversion

### Sync

These crates implement the main syncing drivers of reth.

> - [`blockchain-tree`](../../crates/blockchain-tree): A tree-like structure for handling multiple chains of unfinalized blocks. This is the main component during live sync (i.e. syncing at the tip)

Reviewer: I believe `unfinalized` is accurate here

- [`stages`](../../crates/stages): A pipelined sync, including implementation of various stages. This is used during initial sync and is faster than the tree-like structure for longer sync ranges.
- [`staged-sync`](../../crates/staged-sync): A catch-all for various things currently, to be removed

### RPC

> Crates related to the RPC component (including JSONRPC and IPC transports)

Reviewer: perhaps not even worth mentioning here since also listed under transports

```suggestion
Crates related to the RPC component (including IPC transport)
```

The RPC component mainly lives in [`rpc/rpc`](../../crates/rpc/rpc), which implements the following namespaces:

- `admin_`
- `debug_` (includes Geth-style tracing APIs)
- `eth_`
- `net_`
- `trace_` (OpenEthereum-style tracing APIs)
- `txpool_`
- `web3_`

> The engine API (`engine_`) lives in [`rpc/rpc-engine-api`](../../crates/rpc/rpc-engine-api) (this is *not* an interface crate despite the confusing name).

Reviewer: can reference:

https://github.com/ethereum/execution-apis/tree/main/src/engine
